[Music]
Saul reigned one year and when he had
reigned two years over Israel Saul chose
for himself 3,000 men of Israel 2000
where with soul in Mik mash and in the
mountains of Bethel and a thousand where
with Jonathan in Gibeah of Benjamin the
rest of the people he sent away every
man to his tent and Jonathan attacked
the garrison of the Philistines that was
in giba and the Philistines heard of it
then Saul blew the trumpet throughout
all the land saying let the Hebrews hear
now all Israel heard it said that Saul
had attacked a garrison of the
Philistines and that Israel had also
become an abomination to the Philistines
and the people were called together to
Saul at Gilgal then the Philistines
gathered together to fight with Israel
thirty thousand chariots and six
thousand horsemen and people as the sand
which is on the seashore in multitude
and they came up and encamped and McMath
to the east of Beth even when the men of
Israel saw that they were in danger for
the people were distressed then the
people hid in caves in thickets in rocks
in holes and in pits and some of the
Hebrews crossed over the Jordan to the
Land of gab and Gilead as for soul he
was still in Gilgal and all the people
followed him trembling then he waited
seven days according to the time set by
Samuel
but Samuel did not come to Gilgal and
the people were scattered from him so
Saul said bring a burnt offering and
peace offerings here to me and he
offered the burnt offering now it
happened as soon as he had finished
presenting the burnt offering that
Samuel came and sold went out to meet
him that he might greet him and Samuel
said what have you done when I saw that
the people were scattered from me and
that you did not come within the day's
appointed and that the Philistines
gathered together at McMath then I said
the Philistines will now come down on me
at Gilgal and I have not made
supplication to the Lord therefore I
felt compelled and offered a burnt
offering you have not kept the
commandment of the Lord your God which
he commanded you now the Lord would have
established your kingdom over Israel
forever but now your kingdom shall not
continue the Lord has sought for himself
a man after his own heart and the Lord
has commanded him to be commander over
his people because you have not kept
what the LORD commanded you then Samuel
arose and went up from Gilgal to Gibeah
of Benjamin and Saul numbered the people
present with him about six hundred men
Saul Jonathan his son and the people
present with them remained in Gibeah of
Benjamin
but the Philistines encamped in mcNeish
then Raiders came out of the camp of the
Philistines in three companies one
company turned onto the road to offer to
the land of shul another company turned
to the road to Beth Horan and another
company turned to the road of the border
that overlooks the valley of Zhi Bowen
toward the wilderness now there was no
blacksmith to be found throughout all
the land of Israel for the Philistine
said lest the Hebrews make swords or
Spears but all the Israelites would go
down to the Philistines to sharpen each
man's ploughshare his mattock his axe
and his sickle and the charge for a
sharpening was a pin for the plowshares
the Mattocks the forks and the axes and
to set the points of the goats so it
came about on the day of battle that
there was neither sword nor spear found
in the hand of any of the people who
were with Saul and Jonathan but they
were found with Saul and Jonathan his
son and the garrison of the Philistines
went out to the pass of mcNeish
[Music]
you